nice Dave I love you guys I cannot wait
for you to be a part of our big day but
you need wedding dates you want us to
bring dates to a wedding please
[Music]
are you wait you're sane who's gonna
maintain the booze luge yeah if it's not
clean it's terrible seriously I thought
I got herpes one time too
we're fun dudes we're the coolest guys
at the family event will shape up whew
genie we gotta find the right girls for
this this is for genie where do we even
go what we're about to do something
awesome
Mike and Dave standoff are looking for
dates for their sisters wedding in
Hawaii those guys are gonna take a
shovel life were looking for girls that
our mom and our sister would like we're
gonna look respectable as so part
of the plan ma'am
I'm not trying to fill up your breasts
my hero save your life
[Applause]
grandma meet Alice she's super smart I
manage a hedge fund Wow we had yet we
had it hard
Tatiana she's a schoolteacher Adult Swim
Jeanne I am proud to introduce our
wedding day you guys look great together
yeah you're so tiny he's so big take all
that tonight I am who wakes and fakes
are their most right there oh yeah that
skank wanna hit just going down my to us
to get a free trip to Hawaii
oh
okay it looks like a fucked-up waffle
there go awful that the chef would just
go where we're throwing that away we can
squash it you trippin Dave I'll be
honest with you I can't continue to wear
this worse what it's those girls the
girls aren't the problem
you are I call this the bent penguin
angry dunk
the soles meet that holds me huh what's
next I'm gonna walk in on mom giving dad
a push pop what's the push pop it's a
sexual term that I just made up
what's a push pop so whole hand up an
ass David - oh my god - heads push it in
the pop Chrissy the pop